Right?
We'll see.
How dare you rob me of a man?
What to rob
Mr. Li, I have no idea about you.
younger sister
Let me go
I'm here to treat you.
Wei Xinyue, what are you pretending to be?
Mr. Li, let go of this life
Blue Army, don't be deceived by this woman
It's time to visit Ogawa
You can go back now.
I'm not going to Blues Ogawa is allergic
I have to take care of her.
Miss Lin, I will take good care of her.
Don't bother you
What are you?
I hired Dr. Lin to see you.
Show me some respect.
My disease is only more juice
Then you wait to die
Blue Snow, I want Luna Black to give me cakes
If you don't go back
Don't come to Lijiang again in the future
I go I go
From now on, you can take a lunch break in the room on the corner of the second floor.
Why is this room so gloomy?
Someone was here